Version 1.11.2
 
    Release date 2009-07-30

    Probably the most exciting feature in this last development version
    is the right through new user interface.
    Take a look at it.
    Packagers, your users will want it !
 
    Bugfixes
 
        #325582 reported by Frederic Ruaudel (use GConf)
        #325585 reported by Frederic Ruaudel (delete actions created via gconftool-2)
        #353198 reported by Frederic Ruaudel (single window mode)
        #531301 asked by IceWil (list of selected URIs)
        #576186 asked by gnutered (port of the URI)
        #580378 reported by James Campos (context menu doesn't update)
        #585652 reported by Claude Paroz (user interface)
        #589698 reported by Andre Klapper (use GtkBuilder)

    New and updated translations

        bn_IN (Runa Bhattacharjee)
        da (Mads Lundby)
        de (Mario Blättermann)
        es (Jorge Gonzalez)
        fr (Claude Paroz)
        gu (Sweta Kothari)
        kn (Shankar Prasad)
        mr (Sandeep Shedmake)
        or (Manoj Kumar Giri)
        pa (A S Alam)
        sv (Daniel Nylander)
        ta (ifelix)
        te (Krishnababu K.)

    Various code enhancements

        This is mostly a complete rewriting :
        - internally, of the object hierarchy
        - externally, of the UI

        The new object hierarchy is fully GObject/events based.

        More, we have tried to follow all future Gnome 3.0 requirements :
        - migrated from libglade to GtkBuilder
        - migrated from Gnome VFS to GVFS
        - get ride of old dependancies

        - add a dependancy on libunique 1.0
        - require now Gtk+ 2.12, Glib ..?,

        Command-line utilities are now always build (no more a configure option).

    nautilus-actions-config-tool

         The configuration UI has been renamed from nautilus-actions-config.

         It provides more visual feedback : which actions have been modified, which
         are saveable or not, depending on their validity status. Automatically
         reloads the list of actions if it has been externally modified, depending
         on the modification status of the currently edited actions.

         Import and Export actions are now assistant-driven.
         Actions can be exported as a GConf dump entry (new format).

    nautilus-actions-new

         This utility has been renamed from nautilus-actions-new-config.

         It can be used to create an action, and has been updated to generate
         actions with the new export format, or to directly write the action into
         the GConf repository.

    nautilus-actions-schema

         This new command-line utility writes a GConf schema on stdout.
         Packagers may use it to install a schema.

        Note also that we have defined a NAIIOProvider interface. We will so in the future be able to handle action definitions from elsewhere than GConf, and, why not, take advantage of actions configured for other file managers.

Version 1.11.0 [unstable]

	Release date 2009-06-09

	This is the first intermediate release in the 1.11 serie.

	It includes a full rewriting of the action/profile object
	hierarchy, along with the system of change notification. It also
	introduces the new NactIIOProvider interface.

	The Nautilus plugin module, which actually takes care of selecting
	actions which will be displayed by Nautilus in item context menu,
	makes a full use of this new object hierarchy.

	The nautilus-actions-config UI always uses the old one.

	Bugfixes

		#580378 reported by James Campos (context menu doesn't update)

	New and updated translations

		de (Mario Blättermann)
		mr (Sandeep Shedmake)
		or (Manoj Kumar Giri)

Version 1.10.1

	Release date 2009-05-29

	Nota:
		Last official release was 1.4.1 (05/2007) and is always available
		at http://www.grumz.net/?q=taxonomy/term/6/9 

		In the meantime (10/2008), some distributions have packaged and
		released the current state of the svn trunk (rev.510) ; they have
		generally called it 1.9 (sometimes 1.9b) ; this was _not_ an
		official release (though we can think it has been correctly
		tested ;-)) 

	Profiles
	
		The "profile" feature has been developed by Frederic Ruaudel
		(previous maintainer and original author of Nautilus-actions).
		It has been included in the intermediate version 1.9x without
		having thoroughly tested ; I have choosen to left it in this
		version to not create backward compatibility problems for the
		users of these distributions, but be warned : use with caution.

	Bugfixes

		Fixes #522605 reported by Andre Klapper (i18n)
		Fixes #573365 reported by Sergej (i18n)
		Fixes #574919 by Bruce van der Kooij (gnome_vfs_init)
		Fixes #568366 by Stéphane Raimbault (i18n)

	Translations

		ar (Djihed Afifi)
		ca (Sílvia Miranda)
		de (Mario Blättermann, Andre Klapper)
		dz (Pema Geyleg)
		el (Kostas Papadimas)
		en (David Lodge, Adam Weinberger, Philip Withnall)
		es (Jorge Gonzalez)
		eu (Inaki Larranaga Murgoitio)
		fi (Ilkka Tuohela)
		fr (Claude Paroz, Stéphane Raimbault)
		it (Milo Casagrande)
		ko (Changwoo Ryu)
		mr (Milo Casagrande)
		nb (Kjartan Maraas)
		oc (Yannig Marchegay)
		pa (Amanpreet Singh Alam)
		pl (Wadim Dziedzic)
		pt (Duarte Loreto, Og Maciel, Jonh Wendell)
		sv (Daniel Nylander)

	Various code enhancements
	
		All compilations warnings have been fixed, all code is now
		fully ansi-compliant, though not (yet ?) pedantic (Pierre Wieser)

		Introduce new intltool (Christian Persch)

		Double-clicking on an action now directly opens the editor
	
