Nautilus-Actions

  Nautilus-actions is an extension for Nautilus file manager which
  allows the user to add arbitrary program to be launched through the
  Nautilus file manager popup menu of selected files.

Nautilus-Actions components.

  Nautilus-Actions has three sort of components:

  - A user interface, nautilus-actions-config-tool (NACT), which let you
    manage your actions. With NACT, you are able to create, modify and
    delete actions, to define menus and submenus, to order and reorder
    items.
    Import/export functions are also managed via NACT.

  - Nautilus extensions as dynamically loadable plugins. These extensions
    are automatically loaded by Nautilus when it starts. For now, two
    extensions are provided:
    . libnautilus-actions-menu.so is a plugin which takes care of displaying
      actions in Nautilus context menus;
    . libnautilus-actions-tracker.so is a plugin which tracks the current
      Nautilus selection, and sends it in response to a DBus request. 

  - Command-line utilities:
    a) installed in PREFIX/bin:
       . nautilus-actions-new lets you create new actions from the command-line;
       . nautilus-actions-run lets you execute a predefined action, taking
         into account the current Nautilus selection via a DBus call to the
         libnautilus-actions-tracker plugin;
    b) installed in PKGLIBEXECDIR:
       . na-print-schemas prints the full GConf schemas on stdout;
       . na-delete-xmltree deletes a tree from a XML file;
       . na-gconf2keys.sh migrates menus, actions and user preferences from
         GConf to files.

Nautilus-Actions plugins.

  I/O Providers.

    Nautilus-Actions itself uses plugins to load menus and actions from
    the storage space. These plugins are installed in PKGLIBDIR, usually
    something as /usr/lib/nautilus-actions/.

    Starting with 3.0.2, the preferred default I/O provider is 'na-desktop',
    which means that newly created actions and menus will be stored on
    disk as .desktop files, in accordance with DES-EMA specification [1].

  Importers/Exporters.

    Nautilus-Actions also relies on plugins to import actions and menus,
    and to export them, in several formats.
    For now, Nautilus-Actions is able to import/export its items as:
    . GConf schemas;
    . GConf dump;
    . XML. 

Nautilus-Actions documentation.

  Documentation is provided in several formats:
  - developer documentation is provided as xml and html files, as generated
    by gtk-doc;
  - NACT user's manuals and general documentation is provided as xml, pdf
    and html files, as generated by gnome-doc-utils, docbook-utils or dblatex
    tools.

[1] http://www.nautilus-actions.org/?q=node/377
